Deprecate `$govuk-canvas-background-colour`, use `$govuk-template-background-colour` instead (#5790)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

- [#5785: Add missing Sass imports of components depended on](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/5785) - thanks to @matthew-shaw for reporting this issue and proposing a fix

### Deprecated features

#### Deprecation of `$govuk-canvas-background-colour`

> The responsibilities of the `$govuk-canvas-background-colour` were unclear due to its naming and use by components outside of its description. We're replacing it by a `$govuk-template-background-colour` variable with a more restricted role of controlling only the background colour of the page and elements that need to match that colour to provide visual continuity (for example Footer and Cookie banner), as well as a name matching its responsibilities.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused by the relationship between "the page" and "elements" in the last sentence:
1. are we referring to the background colour of only the page or both?
2. does "...that need to match that colour to provide visual continuity" apply only to elements or both?

Assuming 1=both and 2=elements only, I've suggested this, hopefully it's a good point to work from:

```suggestion
The responsibilities of the `$govuk-canvas-background-colour` were unclear due to its naming and use by components outside of its description. 

We're replacing it with a `$govuk-template-background-colour` variable, with a more appropriate name and better defined role to control only the background colour of the page and background colour of elements that need to match for visual consistency, such as in the Footer and Cookie banner components. 
```

Author: I think "continuity" would be needed here, as for components that are intended to look as if they are extending the background colour of the page (uninterrupted, the impression of one continuous colour even though it's spread out through multiple components).

Reviewer: Oh, I see, thanks for that context.

Cheers, here's the updated suggestion:

```suggestion
The responsibilities of the `$govuk-canvas-background-colour` were unclear due to its naming and use by components outside of its description. 

We're replacing it with a `$govuk-template-background-colour` variable, with a more appropriate name and better defined role to control only the background colour of the page and background colour of elements that need to match for visual continuity, such as in the Footer and Cookie banner components. 
```

This change was introduced in pull request #5627: [Deprecate legacy organisation colour palette](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/5627).

#### Deprecation of `$govuk-canvas-background-colour`

The Sass variable `$govuk-canvas-background-colour` has been deprecated, we thought the previous name didn't make clear what the intended use of the variable was. `$govuk-canvas-background-colour` was to be used in components that need to match background colour with the template. We have renamed the Sass variable `$govuk-template-background-colour`.

If a component is using `$govuk-canvas-background-colour` for this purpose then update it to use `$govuk-template-background-colour` instead.

If a component is not intending to have the same background colour as the template then use `govuk-colour('light-grey')` instead.

> 

Reviewer 2: **issue** This looks in the middle of the changelog entries for 5.9.0, you may have forgotten to pull `main` since the release before starting that branch 🤔
